ac_add_options --enable-application=suite

ac_add_options --prefix=/usr
ac_add_options --libdir=/usr/lib

# System libraries
ac_add_options --with-pthreads
ac_add_options --with-system-nspr
ac_add_options --with-system-libevent
ac_add_options --with-system-nss
ac_add_options --with-system-jpeg
ac_add_options --with-system-zlib
ac_add_options --with-system-bz2
ac_add_options --with-system-png
ac_add_options --enable-system-hunspell
ac_add_options --enable-system-ffi
ac_add_options --with-system-libvpx
ac_add_options --enable-system-sqlite
ac_add_options --enable-system-cairo
ac_add_options --enable-system-pixman

# Features
ac_add_options --enable-startup-notification
ac_add_options --enable-calendar
ac_add_options --disable-gio
ac_add_options --disable-gconf
ac_add_options --disable-accessibility
ac_add_options --enable-gstreamer
ac_add_options --disable-crashreporter
ac_add_options --disable-updater
ac_add_options --disable-parental-controls
ac_add_options --disable-tests

# Needed to enable breakpad in application.ini
export MOZILLA_OFFICIAL=1

# PGO
mk_add_options PROFILE_GEN_SCRIPT='$(PYTHON) $(MOZ_OBJDIR)/_profile/pgo/profileserver.py 10'
